
[Intro - Jay-Z]
Dig a hole, bury yourself, nigga!
Go head! Keep goin'!
I got some nice dresses for you guys
The incomparable H.O

[Hook - Sterling Simms (Jay-Z)]
Told ya to get ya money when you see a boss comin' (Yes)
Thought shit was funny, but watch what you see now (What you see now?)
Nothin’ left to accomplish, I done came out and conquered (Came, conquered)
And now what’s that you talking bout we gon see now (We gon' see now)
Dig a hole (Dig a hole)
Dig a hole (Go ahead)
Dig a hole (Muthafucka bury yourself)
Dig a hole (ig a hole)
Dig a hole (Dig a hole)
Dig a hole (Dig a hole)

[Verse 1 - Jay-Z]
I’m still here, mon frere!
I know the cross I bear
They like, “That’s why they call you Hov”
I’m like, “Yeah”
I’m like air, lil' shots go through me
Won’t tear one tissue, no tears, no tissue, not an issue
Don’t cry for me
I peep these niggas from deep
Got a front row seat even if you don’t speak
Silent partner, I hear you loud and clear
Left a fingerprint, you ain’t gotta be there
I’m just waiting til’ you dig a hole big enough to put your whole body in
Then I’m gon' body them
It's nothing but a hobby to him
Simple as a serve in volley to him
Niggas like, “Hov, why don’t you get at ol’ boy?”
Why kill a puppet and leave Geppetto alive?
Why not wait to catch them all together?
That’s why you dig one big hole, one time

[Hook]

[Verse 2 - Jay-Z]
How is niggas dissin' me
I made it possible
For niggas to make history
How is this possible?
Please explain this shit to me
How is it logical?
Have we forgotten our history?
Let’s open our bibles
It's like the disciples, dissing Jesus and becoming his rivals
Shunning the one thing that they owe they life to
You let that man hype you to go against your idol
Knowing good and god damn well this what I do
Think I’m in the office, I’m off my grind?
That’s how kids become orphans
You lost ya mind?
I keep my enemies close
I give ‘em enough rope
They put themselves in the air
I just kick away the chair

[Hook]

[Verse 3 - Jay-Z]
Hov gon' get you, I ain’t forget your lil' disrespect
No ho, daddy gon' spank you for that shit you said
It's hard to do when you’ve got nothing to prove
Everybody know you better, you in a lose lose
Cause even when you win, ultimately you lose
Real niggas like, “Why Hov talking to Dude?”
You sellin' low too, only time you went plat
My chain was on your neck, that’s an actual fact
So I’m prayin’ that it spills outside of the booth
That’s when ya’ll niggas outside of your truth
Outside of your league, that’s not what you do
Niggas throwin' Roc signs outside of your Coupe
Don’t look at Hov like he done something wrong to ‘em
Cause he’s on to 'em
He just took what belonged to him
You niggas is playing checkers with chess-playing Hov
This game is over, I don’t know if ya’ll know
You in the hole

[Hook]
