
[Intro:]
Helloooooooooooooo!!!!!!!! Brooklynnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

[Hook: Lil Wayne]
Hello Brooklyn, how you doing?
Where you going? And can I come too?
And If I can, I'm a be your man
You could be my lady, and have my baby
And drive my cars, and drive me crazy
Wherever you going baby girl just take me
Cause I'm so taken, if you taken
I'm just saying baby I'm just saying

[Verse 1: Jay-Z]
Like a mama you birth me, Brooklyn you nursed me
Schooled me with hard knocks, better than Berkeley
They said you'd murk me, by the time I was twenty one
That shit disturbed me, but you never hurt me
Hello Brooklyn, if we had a daughter
Guess what I'm a call her, Brooklyn Carter
When I left you for Virginia, it didn't offend ya
Cause you know I only stepped out to get dinner
And I'm eating, so much I bought extra
So much so the dinners now turn into breakfast
I only roll Lexus, to hug your road
I love your corners, I'm half your soul

[Hook: Lil Wayne]

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne] (Jay-Z)
Hello Brooklyn, what's your story?
She said she eating on the run but she ain't N.O.R.E
She said she got a man but he ain't worried
But baby I'm a have to rob him like Horry
She said she love B.I.G. and she like 2Pac
And when I said Jay-Z she said "It's The Roc!"
And I'm a leave it like this, like this like that
Where Brooklyn at? Where Brooklyn at?
Have you seen her?
And when she tell you something you better believe her
She told me she like my New Orleans demeanor
And so I said goodbye Katrina, and hello Brooklyn
But baby you are, the sweetest sight eyes could see
I said hello Brooklyn, but baby I hope you never say goodbye to me
I said hello Brooklyn, b-b-baby you are so damn fine to me
And I remember the time (Time) place (Place) and the weather
On the day you said hi to me and let's say hello Brooklyn

[Verse 3: Jay-Z]
Brooklyn you crazy, look how you made me
Razor blades in my mouth walking 'round behaving
All demented black hoodies and Timberlanded
Always scheming "you see the gleam on that niggas pendant?"
Hello Brooklyn, you bad influence look what you had me doing
But I ain't mad at you, look at my attitude
It says my life's too real, check out my ice grill
Baby I'm cold as ice, like I'm from Brownsville
But my Bed's in the Stuy so while I flatten your bush
Till we smoke a C.I. what up to the boy B.I
You know I handle B.I. I don't half-step on the 'caine
Ask the dreads 'bout I, how you gwaan so?
She like it hardcore, So I grind slow
Iller than Albee Square Mall back in the 9-0
My fine ho we got some victims to catch
So in a couple years baby I'mma bring you some Nets

[Hook: Lil Wayne]

[Outro: Lil Wayne]
And hello Brooklyn, but but baby you are, the sweetest thing eyes could see
Hello Brooklyn, baby I hope you never say goodbye to me
I said hello Brooklyn, but baby you are, so damn fine to me
But I remember the time, place, and the weather on the day you said goodbye to me
