
[Produced by No I.D. & Jermaine Dupri]

["Dominic Cattano" from American Gangster (film)]
"Your Success took a shot at you
What are you going to do now?
How are you gonna kill it?
You're gonna become unsuccessful?
Frank, you can be successful and have enemies uh?
Be unsuccessful too, and even have friends"

[Verse 1 - Jay-Z]
I got these niggas breezy, don't worry about it
Let that bitch breathe
I used to give a fuck, now I give a fuck less
What do I think of success? It sucks, too much stress
I guess I blew up quick
Cause friends I grew up with
See me as a Premie but I'm not and my nuts big
I don't know what the fuss is, my career is illustrious
My rep is impeccable; I'm not to be fucked with with
Shit, let that bitch breathe
I'm way too important to be talking about extorting
Asking me for a portion is like asking for a coffin
Broad daylight I'll off your on switch
You're not too bright, goodnight long kiss
Bye bye my reply... BLAH, BLAH
Blast burner then pass burner to Ty-Ty
Finish my breakfast, why?
I got an appetite for destruction and you're a small fry
Now where was I?
Let that bitch breathe
I used to give a shit, now I don't give a shit more
Truth be told I had more fun when I was piss poor
I'm pissed off, and is this what success is all about?
A bunch of niggas acting like bitches with big mouths
All this stress, all I got is this big house
Couple of cars, I don't bring half of them shits out
All of this Ace of Spades I drink just to piss out
I mean I like the taste could've saved myself 6 thou's
How many times can I go to Mr. Chow's, Tao's, Nobu
Hold up, lemme move my bowels
I'll shit on y'all niggas, OG tell these boys
(Ya'll ain't got shit on my nigga)
I got watches I ain't seen in months
Apartment at the Trump; I only slept in once
Niggas said Hova was over, such dummies
Even If I fell I'll land on a bunch of money
Ya'll ain't got nothing for me
Nas: let that bitch breathe

[Verse 2 - Nas]
Success, McLaren, women staring
My villain appearance
Sacred blood of a king and my vein ain't spilling
Ghetto Othello, Sugar Hill Romello
Camaro driven, I climax from paper
Then ask why is life worth living?
Is it to hunt for the shit that you want?
To receive's great, but I lust giving
The best jewelers wanna make my things
I make Jacob shit on Lorraine just to make me a chain
Niggas mentioned on One Love
Came home to the paper in hand
Ain't gotta brag about the Feds young man
Old cribs I sold, y'all drive by like monuments
Google Earth Nas; I got flats in other continents
Worst enemies wanna be my best friends
Best friends wanna be enemies like that's what's in
But I don't give a fuck walk inside the lions den
Take everybody's chips, about to cash them in
Up your catalog dog, mine's worth too much
Like Mike Jacks ATV pub, Mottola can't touch
Let this bitch breathe

[Jay-Z & Nas]
Let this bitch breathe
